plants and mines live online after
denunciations made in the military police of
guaranésia was fulfilled two warrants of
search and apprehension early in the morning
this Saturday, December 28
four people were arrested in addition to
drugs and weapons electronics
doubtful origin
an agent we had some complaints
anonymous denunciations in the barracks that
some points of the city there was a staff
selling drugs in some localities
there was even the sale of firearms
where we have information
ask the advised in brand
guaranésia the two search warrants and
which have been complied with in this
date in a residence
we arrived was located on site
drugs
a rose max various source materials
doubtful only cause a weapon garrucha 22
It's marijuana crackers this one.
residence there were several
the residence requirement that the requirement
been used for the sale of drugs and
for use also on-site narcotics
owner of the prison were made of
residence but one more woman
individuals being that individual
assumed ownership of the weapon and
including a
ninja hat that we are like this has
information that would be using this
gun this exchange for robbery
in the city armed robbery and we
we performed a second diligence
where that according to information had weapon
fire in the second house is a second
on the spot we also found
that there was a revolver 32 that was
seized by the owner of the
gun his weapon would not be
selling more information in this
owner would be selling
fire and all were arrested
to testify what will happen to them
from now
now it will be sent to the police station
together with the material seized
which will be the flagrant
possibly by the police authority and
possibly be referred to the
local prison